                              WISCHK 2.0
                             John Wiseman
                         jjwiseman@gmail.com
                              ----------


Tested with:    386SX-16  4 MB RAM
                Unix (linux) w/ gcc 2.3.3
                MS-DOS 5.0   w/ Turbo C++ 3.0
                SunOS 4.something and 5.5 w/ gcc 2.72




COMPILATION
-----------

        Compiling under DOS is relatively simple.  Use your favorite
C++ compiler supporting nested types (most recent compilers do),
compile and link the whole thing together.  There are really only a
few catches:

I. Screen library.

        If you have curses or are using a Borland compiler, then don't
worry.  Otherwise, you will have to fiddle with dispprim.h to make use
of your vendor supplied/homebrew screen I/O library.


II. Stack space.

        Make sure that if you're compiling under DOS, you give the
program lots of stack space (if you have a Borland compiler, don't
worry - it's taken care of).  60K or so is nice, probably 20K will do.

III. Heap.

        When compiling under DOS, make sure to use a memory model that
will give access to the full 640K.  Compact, large and huge should all
work.  Flat is nice.

        To compile under unix, you can probably just use the supplied
makefile.



MANIFEST
--------

        README          This file
        Makefile        Makefile for unix
        wischk.man      Manual page
        wischk.6        Source for manual page
        run1            Shell script to automate game between two
                         generic checkers programs
        run2            shell script to automate game between two
                         versions of wischk             
        run.bat         DOS batch file to automate game between two
                         programs
        checkers.cfg    Board configuration file
        master.cfg      Board configuration file (initial board)
        default.prm     Defaults for parameters affecting static
                         evaluation
        *.cc *.h        Source files
